README.md, before:

# Readme Generator App

This is a command-line application that generates README.md files for your projects. It helps streamline the process of creating README files with standardized sections, making it easier for you to document your projects.

## Features

- Generates a README file with predefined sections such as:
  - Project title
  - Description
  - Installation instructions
  - Usage instructions
  - License
  - and more
- Customizable templates to fit your project needs.
- Simple command-line interface for easy usage.

## Installation

To install the Readme Generator App, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Install dependencies by running:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

After installing the Readme Generator App, you can use it as follows:

1. Navigate to the project directory.
2. Run the application by executing the following command:
   ```
   node index.js
   ```
3. Follow the prompts to input information about your project.
4. Once you've answered all the prompts, the application will generate a README.md file in the current directory.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## Issues

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please [open an issue](https://github.com/your-username/readme-generator-app/issues) on GitHub.

## Contact

For any inquiries or feedback, feel free to reach out to [topsinade@gmail.com](topsinade@gmail.com).

Commit message:

link to video demo added to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Readme Generator App

This is a command-line application that generates README.md files for your projects. It helps streamline the process of creating README files with standardized sections, making it easier for you to document your projects.

## Features

- Generates a README file with predefined sections such as:
  - Project title
  - Description
  - Installation instructions
  - Usage instructions
  - License
  - and more
- Customizable templates to fit your project needs.
- Simple command-line interface for easy usage.

## Installation

To install the Readme Generator App, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Install dependencies by running:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

After installing the Readme Generator App, you can use it as follows:

1. Navigate to the project directory.
2. Run the application by executing the following command:
   ```
   node index.js
   ```
3. Follow the prompts to input information about your project.
4. Once you've answered all the prompts, the application will generate a README.md file in the current directory.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## Issues

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please [open an issue](https://github.com/topsinade/readme-generator-app/issues) on GitHub.

## Contact

For any inquiries or feedback, feel free to reach out to [topsinade@gmail.com](topsinade@gmail.com)
## Link
Check out the demo of how the app works on this link [Video](https://youtu.be/wOwTW4FzC8k).
